Version 0.1.1 Begun - 3 August 2018.

3/8/18 - Started swapping things over and making TODO lists.
3/8/18 - Bashed MapTiles into shape.
3/8/18 - Got furnishings back into the level - still need to cleanup the related tests though.
3/8/18 - Updated Furnishings as well.
4/8/18 - Got the map for the actual level 1 in there.
5/8/18 - Got Level 2 in there as well.


For version 0.1.1

Add actual level 1 and 2.
Add the basic furnishings for levels 1 and 2 - including level transitions.


Then remove TestLevel1 and TestLevel2.

Go through and strip out of the Python version all the stuff that has been implemented.

Then move onto next version.



For version 0.1.2.

Get Level transition to stop packing up existing levels.
Get furnishings into a better state.
Get doors working.
I think interaction traps might be worth having their own class?

Do as much low level tidying as possible.



For Version 0.4

Add actors to the level specification.

Add movement functions - need to go on both Tiles and Furnishings.
Figure out movement functions in movement interface.

Add logging here.


Add tests for create actors on DB and Entity Factory.
Add tests for FGColors on level.
Add tests for Actors on level.
Add tests for pathibility on level.
Add tests for FOV and LOS.
Add actor tests once actors go in properly.
Add tests of all UserData classes/functionality - including Save/Load games.
Add tests for AppSettings
Add tests for RandomNumberGeneration - including save/load.




For Version 0.5

Any extra player stuff.
Player death and lose game.
Add Items and Inventory.
Entity grammar/description.
Add passives.
Effects.
Add recalculate stats.

For Version 0.6

Go through every class/file and check - naming - inc private and static, order - methods and atts, functionality.
Add spells and abilities.
Add hotkeys.

For Version 0.7

Add any extra user interface functions needed.
And conversation, trading, quests, achievements and statistics.

For Version 0.8

Pathfinding and AI
Anything else.
AOE templates.


Later ToDos:


Add player tests.
Add interaction function tests.
Add entity update tests.
Add entity destruction tests.
Add furnishing details tests once functions go on there.

How to sort them out - seems like an obvious use for delegates.
How to make sure they all have the same signature.

- Test should be straight forward, actor, current_level, don't really need anything else.
- How to make sure the action can happen though - 2 types - movement and ability/attack?
- Could have a list of "Entities" as targets - that means a target selection needs to be in there too though.
- Keep movement separate - use if no "Action" possible or on other conditions - this seems like it should
go on the ability class now though instead...
- What about movement abilities?


Add game event tests.
Add quest and achievement tests.